docs(firebase_analytics): example app initialization and docs support status (#7745)
FirebaseExtended/flutterfire: docs/auth/social.mdx

```yaml title="pubspec.yaml"
dependencies:
  google_sign_in: '{{ external.google_sign_in }}'
```

:::caution

> Dart-only initialization isn't yet support by `google_sign_in` plugin, in which case you still have to do the [manual installation](./manual-installation.mdx) if you're using Google as an auth provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dart-only initialization isn't yet supported by `google_sign_in` plugin, in which case you still have to do the [manual installation](./manual-installation.mdx) if you're using Google as an auth provider.
```

> Dart-only initialization isn't yet supported by `google_sign_in` plugin, in which case you still have to do the [manual installation](./manual-installation.mdx) if you're using Google as an auth provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dart-only Firebase initialization isn't yet supported by `google_sign_in` plugin, if you're using Google as an auth provider you'll still have to do the [manual installation](./manual-installation.mdx) steps to integrate the Firebase configuration files.
```
